

The best eye gel-creams




m all for an eye cream if needed, but I am not predisposed to eye gels – or to gels generally. I understand the allure of something light and refreshing on tired, bleary eyes (I’m keen on a pair of cold dessert spoons myself), but where others feel cool and watery, I often experience itchy, parched skin gasping under a tight, sticky film. However, the trend for gel-creams (products with the light texture of the former, the heft of the latter) made me roll again and put a selection through their paces. And, well, I’m converted – at least for spring and summer, when skin generally demands less.

The main object of my affections is Biossance Squalane + Peptide Eye Gel (£46, 15ml). This, as its name makes clear, harnesses my beloved squalane (a fine, thin, fatty and intensively but ungreasily lubricating oil derived from olives) to moisturise way more than your average eye gel. Add in aloe to soothe, glycerin and hyaluronic acid to hydrate (essential if you’re to plump up crepe-paper skin), smoothing peptides and a host of antioxidants, such as grape, green tea, goji and niacinamide, and the overall effect is bouncier, more refreshed upper and lower lids, a perfect base for makeup (ideal if your concealer creases and crepes), and zero stinging or tearing. The opaque, airless pump keeps the product fresh too. It’s beautiful, and inevitably, costs more than a half tank of petrol.

But before you dismiss the whole idea, I loved two others almost as much. The Body Shop’s Oils of Life Eye Cream Gel (£20, 20ml), is a silky, elegant gel that skin gulps in greedily. The oils make it as comforting as it is reviving, the visible effects (smoother skin) are instant, and skin remains slightly moist to the touch all day, as it should. My only gripe is the pot packaging and the tangible presence of silicone, which didn’t agree with every concealer I own.

The best rose-tinted moisturisers for mature skins

 

Read more

I prefer the hygiene and sensation of Origins Mega Mushroom Relief & Resilience Soothing Gel Cream for Eyes, (£40, 15ml). The specially shaped, permanently cold metal applicator simultaneously dispenses the antioxidant gel, massages away puffiness, pleasantly cools and awakens the eyes, while smoothing and soothing the surrounding skin, either under or over makeup – it revives cakey concealer a treat.

All work on any age or skin type – and it’s so rare I can say that – though I’d still opt for cream at nighttime.



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
A silhouette is born: Loewe changes shapes with new collection


A new silhouette was born on the catwalk at Paris fashion week on Friday morning. Flat at the front, with a tight black panel running from the abdomen to the throat, it puffed out at the hips and lower belly around the curve of a deep scooped bodice.

That unfamiliar shape was presented three times, in forest green, cobalt blue and buttercream brocade, on the Loewe catwalk. Other novel shapes followed: three more gowns with tight black bodices, in cinnamon, cream and electric blue, covered the upper torso with a large off-the-shoulder ruffle, and sprouted out, in a cascade of brocade, at the mid-back. Later there were three dresses with drop shoulders, balloon sleeves and a drop waist at the side of which were two pannier-like points of fabric.

Read more

“I was looking at building new kinds of silhouettes that can work in an abstract world,” said the creative director, Jonathan Anderson, backstage. “I like the idea of creating a totemic look,” he continued, describing it as “a fashion silhouette – pushed and experimental”.

Loewe is a brand that is comfortable with weirdness. Its unconventional designs appeal to fashion heads who swoon over challenging shapes the way jazz fans thrill over certain configurations of grace notes. It is not, however, a brand that fills its catwalks with objets d’art designed to provoke thought but not to be worn, in the manner of a label such as Comme des Garçons.

Being the ultimate label for the craft-obsessed wealthy gallerist crowd, the Spanish leather house is a huge source of highly covetable handbags – the puzzle and the balloon have become modern classics – and is a reliable source of trends. In a few seasons’ time, will our eyes acclimatise and these shapes end up in our wardrobes? Stranger things have happened.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

John Lewis launches hand-me-down clothing drive


John Lewis is tackling fashion waste by launching a hand-me-down drive with extended name labels attached to children’s coats that can be easily amended by parents.

The department store chain is introducing organic cotton labelling inside its own-brand children’s coats so the new owner can cross out the name of the last person and write a new name. Coats have been chosen to test this labelling because they have a long life and are often the most costly garment for parents.

A new slogan – “Wear it, love it, hand it down” – is also appearing on all cardboard labels attached to the retailer’s entire ranges of own-brand babywear and childrenswear.

Baby and childrenswear represent a disproportionate amount of the thousands of tonnes of clothing in landfill because children quickly outgrow their clothing, typically moving up seven sizes in their first two years. As well as the high cost and limited lifespan, mass production of garments places huge pressure on the environment through waste, water consumption and carbon emissions. Britons bin about 300,000 tonnes of clothing a year.

Caroline Bettis, the head childrenswear buyer at John Lewis, said: “We’re proud of the quality of our clothes and want them to have a really long life and be handed down again and again.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Tony Romo to stay with CBS after agreeing to $17m-per-year contract



CBS’ deal with the NFL expires after the 2022 season, but Romo’s contract goes beyond that. CBS is expected to retain their rights when the next round of negotiations start,

Tony Romo will remain with CBS as its top NFL analyst after agreeing to a record extension.

CBS Sports spokeswoman Jen Sabatelle said that the network and Romo have agreed to a long-term contract. The New York Post reported that Romo’s new deal is worth $17m a year. If the former Dallas Cowboys star was still playing, that would make him the 17th highest-paid quarterback next season.

which could happen this year once a new collective bargaining agreement with players is finalized.

Romo was hired by CBS in 2017 when he retired after 14 seasons and signed a three-year deal that averaged $3m per season. He quickly made an impact being paired with Jim Nantz and was widely hailetd as the best analyst to debut since John Madden. Romo’s new contract eclipses the $8m per year that Madden received with Fox. Adjusting for inflation, the current value of Madden’s contract is $14m.

CBS was favored to retain Romo. It had the right to match his asking price during its exclusive negotiating window. Romo never played in a Super Bowl but will get to call his second one in three seasons next year.

ESPN was expected to make an aggressive bid for him to move to the Monday Night Football booth but never got the chance. ESPN is likely to retool its booth again after lukewarm reviews for Joe Tessitore and Booger McFarland.



XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The unsinkable Tyson Fury took America for a night. Can he keep it?



Fury’s shocking beatdown of the unbeaten American, which saw him both capture the World Boxing Council’s heavyweight title and reduce the sport’s most feared bogeyman to a lamentable puddle of excuses, reportedly generated between 800,000 and 850,000 pay-per-view buys at $75 a pop (even accounting for the extraordinarily high piracy rate) and surpassed the 1999 rematch between Lennox Lewis and Evander Holyfield as the richest ever live gate for a heavyweight fight in Nevada.

 People crave the redemptive violence of Tyson Fury: it's worth asking why

It was boxing’s biggest night in years and Fury was the star, assuming his place as sport’s alpha dog and the last unbeaten standing of the division’s Big Three – a scenario that would have been unthinkable three years ago during a 31-month layoff that saw him swell to nearly 28st amid public battles with addiction and bipolar disorder. Now? Not long after it seemed the parade had moved on from Fury entirely, it’s hard to imagine who in the current landscape could beat him, at least the version who boxed and mauled Wilder into submission on Saturday at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.

Since the 31-year-old from Manchester signed a reported nine-figure co-promotional deal with Top Rank in the weeks after his gripping first encounter with Wilder in December 2018, he has been openly driven by the challenge of conquering the American market. He spoke at length during the run-up to last weekend’s rematch about his plan to finish his career with three more fights in the United States, noting on multiple occasions that he is no longer even in possession of a British Boxing Board of Control license.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Ben Youngs just short of the line as he approaches his 100th cap



The coronavirus is almost certain to at least delay a milestone for the England scrum-half.

n an ideal world for Ben Youngs, he will finish the Six Nations campaign in two weeks’ time in Rome with another winner’s medal, having become the second player to win 100 England caps. Youngs, however, is only too aware of the obstacles to overcome before then.

The threat of postponed or cancelled matches looms large over the rest of the Six Nations, potentially jeopardising England’s matches against Wales next Saturday and particularly in Italy the following week. If either ends up not being played, Youngs, currently on 98 caps, will have to wait to reach his century and as he is almost certain to sit out the summer tour of Japan – as the vast majority of last year’s World Cup squad will do – it may take a while.

Injury could also strike, as happened to Ireland’s Cian Healy when winning his 98th cap against England last Sunday, and there are numerous examples of players falling just short of three figures in recent years. Dylan Hartley has been stranded on 97; Dan Cole is on 95 and it is hard to see him adding to those; while the former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips finished his career with 99, including his five for the British & Irish Lions.
























